PROJECT TITLE: Zehn se Zindagi
Video Demo: https://youtu.be/TquRyRaJgiM

Description:
Zehn se Zindagi was designed to spread awareness about mental health in Pakistan and help all Pakistanis access resources more easily. It contains three different portals. The main portal is for users. Originally, I designed it so that no one could access any of the pages without signing up and logging in. However, this went against my goal of making resources easier to access. This is why I changed the code so that most features of the website are now available to users who aren't yet signed in. 
The features include making an account, setting up your own profile, looking through different blogs, news articles and videos related to mental health and also looking at discounts and cost-free consultations available in Pakistan. It took me a while to figure out how to create a nice video carousel. Another challenge was figuring out how to make the homepage more attractive and dynamic. For that, I decided to add some animations containing statistics based off of a mental health survey I conducted. 
The second portal is for therapists and mental health professionals. This portal allows them to create their own profiles, look at upcoming appointments and reach out to more people in need. This is also an additional platform for them to advertise their services. A feature that isn't visible in the demo video is the calendar. Each helper has their own calendar where their upcoming bookings show up. These bookings are made by the users through their own accounts after selecting a helper through the "Book Appointment" section.
Lastly, there's a seperate portal for admins. I added this so that resources could be more easily updated and added without needing to edit the code each time. I could easily add new things without opening up my files each time. Now, it would also be easier to hand over the website to a different admin if I decide to do so. 
Most of the CSS was based off of personal preference, and took a lot of time to get right. However, I chose to use a lot of green since a few previous projects taught me that it's a very calming color. I believe that would be suitable for a mental health website. 
